1. What is the purpose of the “Hello, World!” program?
2. Name the four parts of a function.
3. Name a function that must appear in every C++ program.
4. In the “Hello, World!” program, what is the purpose of the line return 0;?
5. What is the purpose of the compiler?
6. What is the purpose of the #include directive?
7. What does a .h suffix at the end of a file name signify in C++?
8. What does the linker do for your program?
9. What is the difference between a source file and an object file?
10. What is an IDE and what does it do for you?
11. If you understand everything in the textbook, why is it necessary to practice?

1. To make us feel comfortable about the environment we are about to work in, and to get a feel of the programming language and how does it work to make the computer do what we want them to do. It is like an introduction.

2. Function contains: a) Name, b) Parameters/Signatures, c) Body and d) Return type.

3. main() is the driver function which must appear in every program.

4. "return 0;" is returned by the system, but in Unix/Linux based systems it means that the program has executed successfully. Any-non zero number would mean that the compiler has encountered some error.

5. The compiler converts the human readable code into object code/executable/machine code.

6. "#include" is used to include extra functionality of a library that we want to use in our program.

7. ".h" means a that it is a header file.

8. Linker links all the translation units in our program (obj files of program, obj files of libraries) into a single executable unit.

9. Source file is human readable source code that is also written by a human whereas object file is machine readable code generated by the compiler while compiling the source file.

10. IDE stands for Integrated Development Environment which is a place where we can write programs, and it provides functionalities and tools helpful in writing the program.

11. Practice is necessary because programming is a skill, and like any skill-based task programming also requires practice.